so I'm closing in on my 60-day tenure as
a as a 40 year old adult man and it's
only right that I give my assessment on
what life is like at 40 minute all right
so we have our milestones you know
everybody looks toward or everybody
looks forward to being 16 years old and
and getting a driver's license then
everybody looks toward being 18 then 21
you know being able to buy buy alcohol
or whatever but but hitting 40 man
hitting 40 is is life-changing and I've
noticed so many things that have changed
around me inside of me the latter the
last 60 days man it's unreal and I think
that 40 is one of the most most
misunderstood
one of the most unappreciated ageist man
that will ever hit at least for me when
I look at pictures of say somebody and
their 40s or 50s or even in their 60s
that still looks amazing if there's an
image of them on the Internet and then
you go and read the comments so many of
those comments are negative so much of
it is why are you shouldn't be wearing a
bikini at that age put it away
you're too old for that I often get
questions about shorts and specifically
wearing shorts over 40 you don't have to
wear shorts period and a story many
women no one wear shorts many of you may
have issues with your legs maybe you
have a lot of moles maybe have spider
veins maybe of cellulite maybe you have
thicker calves that you don't like or
feel comfortable with maybe you have
bruises I don't know what the case may
be there are a zillion things that could
make you feel self-conscious about
showing your legs so don't feel like you
have to wear shorts let me smell young
now I say just go in my mouth it's been
eight months since I turned 40 okay
nobody told me that 40 is such a
critical age okay now we hear about
changing jobs at 40 and you know we
revamping your life and lifestyle
whatever happy but again people
sugarcoat
things let me tell you the real deal
forty means you want everything new
everything changed you want a new
wardrobe you want a new hairstyle hair
color you wanna just change everything
about who you are your personality you
want to change it job you want to change
your friends you want to change
everything so this is 40
it's a strange number because you are
supposed to be I'm saying you you're a
grown-up but I don't feel like a grown I
have grown-up responsibilities but I
still don't feel like a grown-up I think
when I look back over my 30s and from a
physical point of view I have I probably
spent 10,000 pounds on Botox in my 30s
up the way to around about 38 at least
10,000 pounds on Botox it's my birthday
today
I am officially 40 years old I don't
have any negative associations with
turning 40 I feel very happy with where
I am in my life I don't have any issues
with turning 40 I like the way I look
I've already had my kids you know and
they're at like a really fun age where
they're like you know little humans and
we get to do cool stuff together and I'm
just I'm glad I had them younger I'm
glad I'm not just starting out having
kids now although I know that's
preferable to a lot of women these days
and yeah that's right if I can look good
and I know it okay I know it I probably
spend ten thousand pounds on Botox but
not once all about money
in my forehead not once did it make me
look a single day younger than I lost
see I've always heard people say stuff
like you know 40 is the new 30 you know
I've heard that you know for so many
years man but but now that I'm 40
I get confused man because you know I
can't understand the mindset you have to
be in to even make a comment like that
40 is the new 40 you've been doing
whatever you've been doing for 20 years
career style whatever happy for about 20
years
technically yeah you cut your hair and
yeah your diet or whatever have you but
nothing drastic nothing major really for
about 20 years 40 times is man it's just
changes you totally then at least for
women for the most part your libido goes
up you want sex all the time unless
yourself not every female of course but
for most females you want sex all the
time you are at your peak you are up
there so you're ready to hump anything
dry/wet you don't care something happens
to your hormones I'm not sure what it is
it started happening in my late 30s
where I don't know what it is but
[ __ ] just sex is better like way way
way way way way better than it was when
you were 25 if a woman first of all if a
woman is in her 40s and she's wearing a
bikini on the beach you I read the
comments that say you shouldn't be
wearing that it's time for a one-piece
you need to cover up nobody wants to see
that
but it's worse if you're a mom I see a
lot of this you're a mom now you
shouldn't be showing that you're a mom
now you shouldn't be doing this I mean
if I didn't live in South Texas I
probably wouldn't wear shorts or would
wear them very infrequently here are
some guidelines that I hope will help
you in making your selections because I
don't know I mean I never were super
super short shorts never never never but
I do see a lot of girls these days
wearing you know just like the really
really short cut off denim shorts that
show even like the curve of your behind
and they can get away with that kind of
because they're in their early 20s or
even younger my point being the days of
short short short short shorts when
you're 35 40 45 50 55 60 those are gone
they're gone can't do it not appropriate
not appropriate for age I don't care how
hot and sexy your legs are of course
everybody is entitled to their opinions
and they might feel like once you are a
mother that you shouldn't be showing a
certain amount of skin you shouldn't be
wearing miniskirts and that is each
individual person's prerogative if
that's the way they feel they are
entitled to those feelings but I have
always been of the mindset to not judge
I'm not gonna judge it the way a person
is as a mother by the clothing that they
wear getting back to why I love being in
my 40s is because now I don't really
give a crap about what other people
think of me and that's okay so that's
another good thing about turning 40 is
like you're confident and like you
really don't care what other people
think and you just you just don't give a
[ __ ] you're really comfortable in your
own skin that's that's another good
thing about turning 40 that you might
not realize if you're not there yet
women at this age up until 15 in the
menopause before the menopause and all
that stuff your libido goes up so you
are humping everything going and you
want something young fun lie because
again you've been doing whatever you've
been doing for at least 20 years so yeah
you know you wanna have fun my overall
assessment man III really think that
that you know us hitting 40 and as a
people is where we're dropping the ball
40 is the new 40 see we're quick to talk
about a young man man when we see them
walking through the malls with with the
pants hanging out down or we see young
women on the malls acting up not just
man with the with the butt cheeks
hanging out a lot man but but if we
aren't part of the solution man then
we're part of the problem if my daughter
walks out of the house wearing shorts
like that she will not leave I will lock
her in the closet and she will change
but my boy means these young people man
they're looking for guidance they're
looking for goddess and direction man
but but they don't have anywhere to get
it except music videos and reality TV
see what what we as as older adults see
is entertainment they look at that and
they think that you know
this is how I'm supposed to be I
definitely have spent a lot of time in
the Sun and I'm a little bit lizard like
in the skin area that's very apparent
that I've enjoyed the Sun in my life but
I mean who gives a [ __ ] with all these
snapchat filters you know you can
basically just let your skin go to [ __ ]
and [ __ ] throw a snapchat filter on
that and look [ __ ] you know dope as
[ __ ] you want to go WOW you want to do
things you wanna you know feel young and
sexy that's another thing you you want
validation nobody told me that at 40
single Mary I don't care what it is
across the board 40 years Oh for some
reason seems like you want validation
you can just look like you're you know
fresh clean baby skin like they have all
of those amazing filters so basically
like that's you know not an issue the
skin thing isn't an issue anymore
of course I've experienced that as well
the fine lines that show up the sun
damage on my chest the knees don't look
the same as they did 20 years ago the
elbows the hands you notice all of these
changes and they can really get you down
but these days being in your 40s isn't
like what your grandma's 40s looked like
we are taking such better care of
ourselves we know so much more about the
importance of diet and exercise and
staying out of the Sun and all of these
amazing new anti-aging products that
have come out in the market and yes
there's injectables like Botox and
fillers and there's things that I feel
when done in moderation
little tweaks here and there can make
you feel really really good about
yourself now some of you might be saying
well you know the one hand reset you
just said that you don't really care
about what other people think but then
you're saying that you do care about
your appearance well yeah they don't
have to be mutually exclusive you want
to know that you're pretty
get your desirable that you're wanted
that somebody from across the street
down the block is looking at you I don't
know what it is or why and maybe our
bodies are getting us
for menopause and so forth so maybe it's
like another little life change but you
want to know that you're you're wanted
you're needed I want to walk down the
street people drop their mouth because
I'm looking so good in my little and my
little black all-black uniform
dude I'm saying but that's how
ridiculous it is boy I wanted that I
wanted to be wanted I wanted to be
needed
I wanted um somebody to come on but I
get beautiful just out the blue yeah
beautiful I couldn't live without you
man if you was my woman and that's
partly why a lot of older women around
my age and older I'll see it at the
club's
all naked and freaky deaky you have a
sex or really Milly and all these
different things because they want
validation it's not like I'm 25 and I'm
going out to nightclubs and I'm like
concerned with like trying to be cool
and it's like I don't know what my
passion is and I don't know what I want
to do with my life and I'm still in that
phase where you're attracted to like
[ __ ] guys and stuff I think that
being in your 40s makes you more
grateful it makes you more aware of
every day and the beauty of being given
another day and to not take any day for
granted I just feel like the older and
wiser the idea of being older and wiser
really is true if we know what life is
like man why aren't we why aren't we
telling them what we know man why are we
pulling them to the side says hey you
know what young man young lady this is
what life about is about man you know
you're 21 you're 22 here in the next
10-15 years this is what you're gonna be
experiencing I mean that they may rebel
man but like I said before man they're
wanting that guidance man another good
thing about being 40 and now I don't
know if this is true for everyone is
that when I was 20 I was a little bit of
an [ __ ] now that I'm 40 I [ __ ] I'm
not an [ __ ] anymore
now this I'm reminded of
cuz I follow a lot of little [ __ ] on
Instagram and they're still in that
phase where they're like I'm young I'm
gonna do what's right for me and [ __ ]
everyone else and then it's super cool
not to give a [ __ ] there's still in that
face and I remember being in that fair
so I've got nothing but love for you you
little [ __ ] as me and you know why
aren't we going to the young guy saying
hey you know what man you know it's cool
to be smart man it's it's cool to read
man it's cool to expand your mind and I
just feel like we're dropping the ball
man we're really setting them up for
failure man and I think that one of the
responsibilities of being 40 is it is
being able to you know look back and
explain to them hey this is what life is
about
thank you for watching I'll see you soon
leave a comments down there
well the happy birthday one so that's
nice but leave your comments in general
what do you feel how you feel way
thought you'd be at the age you wanna be
call the read thank so much as
ridiculous as that montage may have been
it gives you a sense of the range of the
opinions you can find on the internet on
the topic of turning 40 and let me tell
you something if you search around
instead for videos on the topic of what
it's like to turn 16 or what it's like
to turn 21
you are gonna find many many more
opinions here on YouTube there are very
very few people who've taken the time to
come on camera and talk about what it's
like to turn 40 because not too many of
us are youtubers are preserving our life
sharing it with the public for the
people to scrutinize at age 40 be that
as it may what I looked at the history
of my own youtube channel here it's
always been striking to me that one of
my most successful videos of all time is
simply me talking about why I don't
drink alcohol and that tells you
something but the social function of the
Internet
in YouTube in particular 2018 I told the
anecdote recently on this channel about
a friend of mine it became vegan and
when she decided to become vegan
she had this shocking short-term
experience where she opened a box of
chicken chicken meat and happened to be
accidentally some chicken feathers left
in there but who did she turn to for
help or guidance after she had this
horrifying discovery she didn't go to
her priest she didn't go to work father
or her uncle shouldn't go to a Buddhist
monk she to go to some traditional
authority figure she came here on
YouTube and started looking for advice
and this led her eventually to make the
decision to become vegan so in same way
there were people a 22,000 people most
of them never heard of me before most of
them never watched my videos gonna have
to work twenty-two thousand people came
to my channel to hear me talk for
eighteen minutes about why I don't drink
alcohol
um what goes into that decision was tied
up to that in my life so whatever else I
reflected on that video so you know this
some truth those reflections that were
that were edited into that montage that
part of what's going on here is indeed
the older generation sharing their
experiences and passing on some kind of
guidance and advice to the younger
generation what else do we have in the
video look I'm not trying to make any of
these people look ridiculous but sure
there are different moments in there I
laugh that um it sure is ridiculous to
hear that what really matters they forty
is I don't know how attractive you are
how great your sex life is or how well
you've been able to you know manage some
kind of concoction of healing elixirs
diet and Botox births but you know
something else have mentioned here on
YouTube is that you know I did live long
enough in life that I managed to read
one of the major works of Aristotle
Aristotle the ancient Greek philosopher
I managed to read his book simply titled
politics back when I was about 19 years
old and then of the reading again now at
age 39
going on 40 and I'm someone who is both
blessed and cursed with a very accurate
memory it's a curse because traumatic
experiences in your life stay with you
more vividly than someone who can just
forget someone who maybe just remembers
the outlines of things but while reading
that work of aristotle's now and what I
see in it what I appreciate in it what I
criticize about it what I can excoriate
about it how I see the structure of the
text the content of the text the way I
make leaps of inference about the
intention of the author the way I see it
as a product of its social and
historical context all of that has
changed so much and I'm confronted with
the memory of the man I was or the boy I
was at age 19 when I read it and
somebody won't be surprised by this at
all it's 19 I absolutely could not get
past the fact that Aristotle makes
excuses for slavery and you ignored nor
should I have courted anyone it's
horrifying to read this guy who
celebrated as a genius who's presented
as the pinnacle of you know Western
intellectual accomplishment making
excuses for the ownership and
exploitation of slaves that I still
think today anyone on the schoolyard at
least any high school student could
refute or challenge and of course here I
am age 39
and still to this day I'm dealing with
similarly childish excuses for yeah you
know war the brutality of governments
locally and internationally but above
all else as you guys know the main thing
I've been involved in politics last five
years have been the excuses people make
for eating meat for perpetuating the
culture of
you know meat dairy leather etc
challenging that from a vegan
perspective although I've tried also in
my way to challenge preconceptions that
people have when they're making excuses
for communism when they're making
excuses for other kinds of brutality of
a man against man shall we say so this
is it guys forty years old I talked to a
friend of me of mine a few days ago and
he was explaining that he was quoting
YouTube for various reasons he has
aspirations to be an author spend more
time writing he has a new girlfriend
it's having more sex these are not
reasons to quit the game you know you
can have a very active sex life you can
have very active
intellectual life as an author as so as
a reader as a student as a teacher would
have you and there's not reasons to quit
doing YouTube you know above all else
from day one on this YouTube channel I
knew what was leaving behind an artifact
for my daughter to see one day because
my daughter may only get to know me if I
live that long when I'm in my 60s and
there won't be something left behind of
the man I was in my 40s in that more
active time of my life and I mean I
could say honestly if I was only getting
10 views per video if I was getting a
tiny tiny number of viewers it would
still be worthwhile for me to come here
on YouTube and share the ridiculous
contradictions and struggles that are
ongoing in my life
so guys whether you subscribe or not
whether you can watch minutes or not but
he's far beyond patreon or not I think I
can say and I'll deal honestly we don't
know what's gonna happen with technology
in the future the internet but for me
looking forward despite all the real
harm and sorrow that YouTube has brought
into my life as it has has brought a lot
I can say I feel more committed than
ever to to try to share the the
unexpected developments in my life my
only philosophy experience whatever it
is about this
you're on the Internet thanks for tuning
in bye-bye
I mean really people like to disrespect
my truth but the fact is that you know
my name is I don't know you I vanished
en